Renn Isobe Progress April 13, 2017 Since I was absent from last Thursday’s class (had a phone interview), I didn’t have Tails installed on my computer. On Tuesday, I tried using your (Professor Laufer’s) flash drive, which has Tails on it. I shut down my computer and upon pressing the option key, the startup window showed the regular hard drive option and EFI. I clicked EFI and hit enter but was left with a blank screen. 	Then Dustin gave me a flash drive that he downloaded Tails onto. I tried restarting my computer and using this new flash drive but I couldn’t get Tails to show up. 	Today I booted my computer from recovery mode, went to Utilties at the top bar, then Terminal and typed csrutil disable. I had to disable SIP for my Mac because I couldn’t successfully install refind from my command line. Then I rebooted my computer and went to the recovery mode startup, where I made progress. The screen showed the other option beside booting from my hard drive. Upon clicking enter, I got to LINUX and tried to open it but could not get any further. April 18, 2017I realized I didn’t have Subgraph downloaded, so that was the first step of the day. Then I ran Subgraph from the commandline and did that successfully. I shut down my computer and restarted. The EFI boot came up and I was able to get to the opening screen of Subgraph. I clicked enter only for a black window to pop up that says I do not have the complete image. I tried using another USB that had the image burned onto it, but my computer just popped up a plain black window (so less progress). Homework is to google some answers and hopefully find some useful information. Here’s what I found through a GitHub discussion but haven’t tried since I really wouldn’t know what I’m doing (what it means for the computer).I have an EFI-only only bootloader (modified chromebook), so legacy boot wasn't an option for me. I installed EFI with a few manual steps:1. During the install process, manually partitioned the disk. 512MB for /boot, 512MB for ESP (EFI System Partition), rest for whatever you need.2. Go through the install process normally, for me it reported that installing grub failed, skip past it and continue the installation.3. After the installation is complete, rebooted into the subgraph live mode.4. Pop a terminal, and mount your / filesystem over /mnt and your boot filesystem over /mnt/boot and the ESP filesystem over /mnt/boot/efi.5. Then bind mount other files (/sys/ is important for efivars): for i in /dev /dev/pts /proc /sys /run; do sudo mount -B $i /mnt$i; done6. chroot /mnt7. apt update && apt install grub-efi-amd64-bin efibootmgr to get the required packages (N.B. don't try to install grub-efi-amd64, it will cause conflicts and break stuff, just get the -bin package)8. grub-install --target=x86_64-efi --efi-directory=/boot/efi --bootloader-id=subgraph /dev/sdx, replacing /dev/sdx with the disk you are installing subgraph too.9. update-grub10. Leave the chroot (ctrl-d) and umount -R /mnt then reboot.Gave me a working EFI installation of SubgraphApril 27, 2017Through ssd.eff.org, I chose to work on “Protecting Yourself on Social Networks.” To protect myself from third-parties grabbing my information, I downloaded Privacy Badger, even though I already have AdBlocker Plus on Google Chrome. Then, I clicked on How to opt-out of Facebook's data broker relationships. The first step was to opt-out of Axciom’s relationship with Facebook to pull my data to better target their ads. I did the same for Datalogix, Epsilon, and BlueKai. Opting out of all 4 of these huge corporate data brokers is the most effective way to prevent them from being able to ad target you. The reason I chose this one is because I get freaked out when I mentioned a cold press juicer and have a conversation about it with my boyfriend, look some models up on Amazon, google more info about it, and the next thing I know, I’m scrolling on Facebook and an ad for a cold press juicer comes up! Not everything that I search for or click on involves my personal interest so it’s not going to be completely relevant to me 100% of the time. Thanks for a cool semester!  